Monica, I think Rachel's here.
I mean, like, give it up for me,
Chipin, I broke up.
Oh, I want to know what happened.
Well you know who my parents are out
of town and Chip was going to come over.
Yeah.
And you going to give you you flower.
Can you just call it sex?
It really creeps me out
when you call it that.
Oh, and by the way, while we're at it, a
guy's thing is not called his tenderness.
Believe me.
Show you these, sweetheart, they oh.
Everyone, this is Chandler,
my roommate and lead singer of our band.
Oh, this is Monica,
I'm Ross's little sister.
Oh.
I'm so glad you could come.
We got plenty of food.
I hope you're hungry.
Chandler hates Thanksgiving
and doesn't eat any Thanksgiving for.
Oh.
Oh, I'm so glad you brought him here then.
Chandler,
if you want, I can make you some
macaroni and cheese for dinner.
Well, as long as the Pilgrims
didn't need it that Ayman.
Emek.
So
rage, does it does it feel weird around
here now, you know,
since I've been away at college?
Oh, no, not really.
Let's call.
So.
I cannot believe Chip dumped me
for that slut, Nancy Branson.
I am never going out with him again,
you know, I don't care how much he begs.
I think his bag and days are over now.
He's going out with Nancy Branson.
You know what?
I just had it with high school boys.
They are just silly.
They're just silly.
Stupid boys start dating men.
But I'm sorry, Judy, I couldn't find
that both you and Jack were looking for
call them mom and dad, you lose loser.
What a cook.
Hey, Chandler.
Did you like the macaroni and cheese?
Oh, yeah, it was great.
Should be a chef.
OK.
Yes,
all this stuff about Nancy Branson being
a slut was all a rumor,
so Chip dumped her and he wants
to come over to my house tonight.
Oh, that is so great.
Oh, God.
If you and Chip do it tonight.
Promise me you'll tell me everything.
Oh, totally.
Totally.
You know, it's not that big a deal.
We already kind of did it once, you know.
I know.
But, you know,
it's time we got to definitely know
whether or not you did it, you know,
and you promised that this time it would
last, at least for an entire song.
So I'm thinking of asking Rachel out
tonight, you know,
maybe playing her that song we wrote
last week, motional knapsack right on.
Oh, but don't take too long, OK, because,
you know, we're going to test out
our fake I.D. tonight, right?
Clifford Alvarez,
listen, role in changingthings go well.
I may be out with her all night.
Dude, don't do that to me.
I know.
It's cool.
You can stay here.
My parents won't mind.
No, it's not that.
I just want to be stuck here
all night with your fat sister.
Hey.
Monica, why don't you finish off these
guys, I don't have any
more room in the fridge.
Oh,
no, thank you.
Well, Judy, you did it.
She's finally full.